tests: prepare for ssh task comms (#4111)
cylc/cylc-flow: tests/functional/README.md

`loc` "submission locality" - `{local, remote}`:
  Where do jobs get submitted?

  * Locally (on the scheduler host).
  * Remotely (on a remote host).

`runner` "job runner" - `{background, at, slurm, ...}`:
  The name of the job runner the container is configured to use.

`fs` "filesystem" - `{indep, shared}`:
  What is the relationship between the filesystem in the contaier to
  the filesystem on the host?

  * Independent (indep) - it is a completely different filesystem.
  * Shared (shared) - the cylc-run directory is shared.

  warning: For shared filesystems cylc-run is shared, however, the
  absolute path to cylc-run on the host system may be different
  to that on the container, use ~/cylc-run for safety.

`comms` "task communication method" - `{tcp, poll}`
  The task communication method to use.

## How To Configure "Non-Generic" Tests?

By default tests require the platform `_local_background_indep_tcp`.

If you want your test to run on any other platform export an environment
variable called `REQUIRE_PLATFORM` *before* the `test_header` is sourced.

This variable should define a test's requirements of a platform e.g:

```bash

> # require a remote platform with a shared filesystem ans tcp task comms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# require a remote platform with a shared filesystem and tcp task comms
```

export REQUIRE_PLATFORM='loc:remote fs:shared comms:tcp'
```

Bash extglob pattern matching can be provided
(https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/html_node/Pattern-Matching.html)
e.g:

```bash
# run for all job runners with tcp comms on remote platforms
export REQUIRE_PLATFORM='loc:remote runner:* comms:tcp'

> # run for tcp and ssh comms on remote platformexprot REQUIRE_PLATFORM='loc:remote comms:?(tcp|ssh)'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# run for tcp and ssh comms on remote platforms
```
